Karen’s questions for questionnaire 

How much do you communicate in-game?
    I don’t normally communicate with my teammates.
    I only ever use text chat.
    I use voice chat, but don’t normally do callouts and prefer to just hangout in chat.
    I use voice chat, do callouts, and tend to talk a lot in-game.
  
Which class of character types are your favorite to play?
    Pure damage dealers
    Healers
    Tanks/High Health-Point Characters
    Wizards/Spell Casters
  
How much of a teacher are you?
    I’m a terrible teacher and have trouble/prefer not to listen to others when they try to teach me something in-game.
    I don’t teach other players, but I learn from others’ teaching really well or at least I try to listen to them.
    I don’t often coach or teach other players, but when I see them making a big mistake in-game I will help by pointing it out.
    I love coaching and teaching other players, I do it all the time in-game.
    I am a professional coach for a game.
  
Why do you normally play games/what is your motivation?
    I play games just to pass time and never really get invested in them.
    I play games casually and occasionally will get very invested in a game.
    I play games on a daily basis, but still take time out of my day to do other things. I wouldn’t really consider myself a casual gamer or a hardcore gamer, but somewhere in-between.
    I play video games very rigorously, gaming matters a lot to me and I dedicate a lot of time to getting good at the games I enjoy.
    I am a professional gamer for a esports team or am trying to be.
  
If I am in game and I hear my team staying back to make plans and strategize a way to attack the game’s opposing team I will:
    Disregard what my teammates are doing, they’re taking to long anyways, I’ll just rush in and do what I want. Leeroooooy Jeeeenkiiiiins!
    Hang around my team, but not really listen to what they are saying. I’ll just wait for them to start moving into action and then I’ll follow them.
    Wait and actively listen to what my team is saying, then put into motion the plan they laid out when it’s time.
    Strategize with them, maybe I can help and we will come up with the best plan of attack.
    I’m the one who asked my team to stay back to strategize.
